horse,Any of several animals related to Equus ferus caballus.
horst,An area of the earth's surface which is raised relative to surrounding land.
hoist,A hoisting device, such as pulley or crane.
moist,To moisten.

chair,An item of furniture used to sit on or in, comprising a seat, legs, back, and sometimes arm rests, for use by one person. Compare stool, couch, sofa, settee, loveseat and bench.
chain,A series of interconnected rings or links usually made of metal.

table,Furniture with a top surface to accommodate a variety of uses.
cable,(material) A long object used to make a physical connection.
sable,A small carnivorous mammal of the Old World that resembles a weasel, Martes zibellina, from cold regions in Eurasia and the North Pacific islands, valued for its dark brown fur (Wikipedia).
fable,A fictitious narrative intended to enforce some useful truth or precept, usually with animals, etc. as characters; an apologue. Prototypically, Aesop's Fables.
gable,The triangular area at the peak of an external wall adjacent to, and terminating, two sloped roof surfaces (pitches).

birch,Any of various trees of the genus Betula, native to countries in the Northern Hemisphere.
birth,The process of childbearing; the beginning of life.
berth,A fixed bunk for sleeping (in caravans, trains, etc).

flinch,A reflexive jerking away.
clinch,Any of several fastenings.
clench,Tight grip.

house,A structure built or serving as an abode of human beings.
mouse,Any small rodent of the genus Mus.
rouse,An arousal.
reuse,The act of salvaging or in some manner restoring a discarded item to yield something usable.

cold,(of a thing) Having a low temperature.
gold,A heavy yellow elemental metal of great value, with atomic number 79 and symbol Au.
good,(of people)
mood,A mental or emotional state, composure.
moos,The characteristic lowing sound made by cattle.
moor,An extensive waste covered with patches of heath, and having a poor, light soil, but sometimes marshy, and abounding in peat; a heath
mook,A disagreeable or incompetent person.
gook,A person of Far Eastern or Oceanian descent, especially a Vietnamese, Filipino, Chinese, Japanese or Korean person.
goof,A mistake or error.
roof,The external covering at the top of a building.
poof,The product of flatulence, or the sound of breaking wind.
poon,Any of several East Indian trees of the genus Calophyllum, yielding a light, hard wood used for masts, spars, etc.
pool,A small and rather deep collection of (usually) fresh water, as one supplied by a spring, or occurring in the course of a stream; a reservoir for water.
poop,Fecal matter, feces.
poor,(with "the") Those who have little or no possessions or money, taken as a group.
pour,The act of pouring.
four,The digit or figure 4; an occurrence thereof.
sour,The sensation of a sour taste.
soul,The spirit or essence of a person usually thought to consist of one's thoughts and personality. Often believed to live on after the person's death.
sous,An old French copper coin equal to one twentieth of a livre or twelve deniers; one sou is to the livre as one shilling is to the pound.
sows,A female pig.

warm,Having a temperature slightly higher than usual, but still pleasant; mildly hot.
farm,A place where agricultural and similar activities take place, especially the growing of crops or the raising of livestock.
fart,An emission of digestive gases from the anus; a flatus.
mart,A market.
mort,Death; especially, the death of game in hunting.
morn,Morning.
porn,Pornography.
worn,To carry or have equipped on or about one's body, as an item of clothing, equipment, decoration, etc.
word,The smallest unit of language that has a particular meaning and can be expressed by itself; the smallest discrete, meaningful unit of language. (contrast morpheme.)
lord,The master of the servants of a household; the master of a feudal manor
cord,A harmonic set of three or more notes that is heard as if sounding simultaneously.
corp,A non-commissioned officer army rank with NATO code OR-4. The rank below a sergeant but above a lance corporal and private.
comp,Clipping of comprehensive layout, a graphic design showing final proposed layout of text and images.
come,Coming, arrival; approach.
home,A dwelling.
hope,To want something to happen, with a sense of expectation that it might.
hove,To remain suspended in air, water etc.; to float, to hover.
love,Strong affection.
lowe,A flame; fire; blaze.
lose,To cause (something) to cease to be in one's possession or capability due to unfortunate or unknown circumstances, events or reasons.
lobe,Any projection or division, especially one of a somewhat rounded form.

kind,A type, race or category; a group of entities that have common characteristics such that they may be grouped together.
mind,The ability for rational thought.
mini,Miniature, tiny, small.
mink,(plural mink or minks) Any of various semi-aquatic, carnivorous mammals in the Mustelinae subfamily, similar to weasels, with dark fur, native to Europe and America, of which two species in different genera are extant: the American mink (Neovison vison) and the European mink (Mustela lutreola).
fink,A contemptible person.
find,Anything that is found (usually valuable), as objects on an archeological site or a person with talent.
hind,Located at the rear (most often said of animals' body parts).
wind,Real or perceived movement of atmospheric air usually caused by convection or differences in air pressure.
wand,A hand-held narrow rod, usually used for pointing or instructing, or as a traditional emblem of authority.
band,A strip of material used for strengthening or coupling.
rand,The border of an area of land, especially marshland.
rang,Of a bell, etc., to produce a resonant sound.
gang,To go; walk; proceed.
dang,A damn, a negligible quantity, minimal consideration.
sang,To produce musical or harmonious sounds with one’s voice.
yang,A principle in Chinese and related East Asian philosophies associated with bright, hot, masculine, etc. elements of the natural world.
bang,A sudden percussive noise.
bane,A cause of misery or death.
pane,An individual sheet of glass in a window, door, etc.
vane,A weather vane
cane,A plant with simple stems, like bamboo or sugar cane, or the stem thereof

love,Strong affection.
lose,To cause (something) to cease to be in one's possession or capability due to unfortunate or unknown circumstances, events or reasons.
lode,A way or path; a road.
mode,One of several ancient Greek scales.
more,To a greater degree or extent.
mope,A dull, spiritless person.
hope,To want something to happen, with a sense of expectation that it might.
hops,A short jump.
hots,(with up) To heat; to make or become hot.
hoss,Any of several animals related to Equus ferus caballus.
boss,A person who oversees and directs the work of others; a supervisor.
bots,The larva of a botfly, which infests the skin of various mammals, producing warbles, or the nasal passage of sheep, or the stomach of horses.
lots,A large quantity or number; a great deal.
lets,The allowing of possession of a property etc. in exchange for rent.
bets,A wager, an agreement between two parties that a stake (usually money) will be paid by the loser to the winner (the winner being the one who correctly forecast the outcome of an event).
buts,An instance or example of using the word "but".
buds,A newly sprouted leaf or blossom that has not yet unfolded.
bums,The buttocks.
hums,A hummed tune, i.e. created orally with lips closed.
sums,A type of administrative district used in China, Mongolia, and Russia. In Mongolia, a somon is smaller than a province. In China, it is only used in Inner Mongolia where it is equivalent to a township.
sump,A hollow or pit into which liquid drains, such as a cesspool, cesspit or sink.

game,A playful or competitive activity.
name,Any nounal word or phrase which indicates a particular person, place, class, or thing.
nape,The back part of the neck.
cape,A piece or point of land, extending beyond the adjacent coast into a sea or lake; a promontory; a headland.
capo,A movable bar placed across the fingerboard of a guitar used to raise the pitch of all strings.
camo,A pattern on clothing consisting of irregularly shaped patches that are either greenish/brownish, brownish/whitish, or bluish/whitish, as used by ground combat forces.
camp,An outdoor place acting as temporary accommodation in tents or other temporary structures.
comp,Clipping of comprehensive layout, a graphic design showing final proposed layout of text and images.
coup,A quick, brilliant, and highly successful act.
corp,A non-commissioned officer army rank with NATO code OR-4. The rank below a sergeant but above a lance corporal and private.
carp,Any of various freshwater fish of the family Cyprinidae, especially the common carp, Cyprinus carpio.
card,A playing card.
cars,A wheeled vehicle that moves independently, with at least three wheels, powered mechanically, steered by a driver and mostly for personal transportation.
cabs,Initialism of chest compressions, airway and breathing.
caps,A close-fitting hat, either brimless or peaked.
cans,A more or less cylindrical vessel for liquids, usually of steel or aluminium, but sometimes of plastic, and with a carrying handle over the top.
pans,A wide, flat receptacle used around the house, especially for cooking.
pats,The sound of a light slap or tap with a soft flat object, especially of a footstep
cats,An animal of the family Felidae:
mats,A flat piece of coarse material used for wiping one’s feet, or as a decorative or protective floor covering.
mays,To gather may, or flowers in general.

code,A short symbol, often with little relation to the item it represents.
come,Coming, arrival; approach.
some,Of a measurement: approximately, roughly.
home,A dwelling.
hole,A hollow place or cavity; an excavation; a pit; an opening in or through a solid body, a fabric, etc.; a perforation; a rent; a fissure.
hoke,A rod bent into a curved shape, typically with one end free and the other end secured to a rope or other attachment.
hope,To want something to happen, with a sense of expectation that it might.
mope,A dull, spiritless person.
mops,An implement for washing floors, or the like, made of a piece of cloth, or a collection of thrums, or coarse yarn, fastened to a handle.
tops,The highest or uppermost part of something.
pops,(usually as a form of address) Father, dad.
pups,A young dog, wolf, fox, seal, or shark, or the young of certain other animals.
pubs,A public house where beverages, primarily alcoholic, may be bought and consumed, also providing food and sometimes entertainment such as live music or television.
puns,A Korean unit of length equivalent to about 0.3 cm.
puts,A right to sell something at a predetermined price.
tuts,To make a tut tut sound of disapproval.
guts,The alimentary canal, especially the intestine.
buts,An instance or example of using the word "but".
nuts,A hard-shelled seed.
nuns,A member of a Christian religious community of women who live by certain vows and usually wear a habit, (specifically) those living together in a cloister.
huns,(used only to address someone) Honey, sweetheart, a term of endearment; a friendly term of address.

dark,Having an absolute or (more often) relative lack of light.
lark,Any of various small, singing passerine birds of the family Alaudidae.
lack,A defect or failing; moral or spiritual degeneracy.
luck,Something that happens to someone by chance, a chance occurrence, especially a favourable one.
huck,(Ultimate Frisbee) A long throw, generally at least half a field in length.
buck,A male deer, antelope, sheep, goat, rabbit, hare, and sometimes the male of other animals such as the hamster, ferret and shad.
fuck,An act of sexual intercourse.
funk,Foul or unpleasant smell, especially body odor.
junk,Discarded or waste material; rubbish, trash.
punk,A person used for sex, particularly:
sunk,(heading, physical) To move or be moved into something.
sulk,A state of sulking.
suck,An instance of drawing something into one's mouth by inhaling.
tuck,An act of tucking; a pleat or fold.
tusk,One of a pair of elongated pointed teeth that extend outside the mouth of an animal such as walrus, elephant or wild boar.
dusk,A period of time at the end of day when the sun is below the horizon but before the full onset of night, especially the darker part of twilight.
desk,A table, frame, or case, in past centuries usually with a sloping top but now usually with a flat top, for the use of writers and readers. It often has a drawer or repository underneath.
disk,A thin, flat, circular plate or similar object.
fisk,To run about; to frisk; to whisk.
fish,A cold-blooded vertebrate animal that lives in water, moving with the help of fins and breathing with gills.
pish,A sibilant noise (e.g. "psshh") made by birders and ornithologists to attract small birds.

hard,A firm or paved beach or slope convenient for hauling vessels out of the water.
yard,A small, usually uncultivated area adjoining or (now especially) within the precincts of a house or other building.
yarn,A twisted strand of fiber used for knitting or weaving.
earn,To gain (success, reward, recognition) through applied effort or work.
earl,(nobility) A British or Irish nobleman next in rank above a viscount and below a marquess; equivalent to a European count. A female using the style is termed a countess.
ears,The organ of hearing, consisting of the pinna, auditory canal, eardrum, malleus, incus, stapes and cochlea.
jars,An earthenware container, either with two or no handles, for holding oil, water, wine, etc., or used for burial.
oars,A type of lever used to propel a boat, having a flat blade at one end and a handle at the other, and pivoted in a rowlock atop the gunwale, whereby a rower seated in the boat and pulling the handle can pass the blade through the water by repeated strokes against the water's resistance, thus moving the boat .
ours,That which belongs to us; the possessive case of we, used without a following noun.
outs,A means of exit, escape, reprieve, etc.
puts,A right to sell something at a predetermined price.
pats,The sound of a light slap or tap with a soft flat object, especially of a footstep
pets,An animal kept as a companion.
gets,Offspring.
gees,A gee-gee, a horse.
lees,The sediment that settles during fermentation of beverages, consisting of dead yeast and precipitated parts of the fruit.
lies,The terrain and conditions surrounding the ball before it is struck.
lied,An art song, sung in German and accompanied on the piano.
lien,A tendon.
linn,A pool of water, especially one below a waterfall.
link,Some text or a graphic in an electronic document that can be activated to display another document or trigger an action.

soft,A soft or foolish person; an idiot.
soot,Fine black or dull brown particles of amorphous carbon and tar, produced by the incomplete combustion of coal, oil etc.
foot,A biological structure found in many animals that is used for locomotion and that is frequently a separate organ at the terminal part of the leg.
moot,A moot court.
mood,A mental or emotional state, composure.
moos,The characteristic lowing sound made by cattle.
mops,An implement for washing floors, or the like, made of a piece of cloth, or a collection of thrums, or coarse yarn, fastened to a handle.
hops,A short jump.
hogs,Any animal belonging to the Suidae family of mammals, especially the pig, the warthog, and the boar.
hogg,A young sheep of either gender, until it cuts its first two teeth; a hogget.

slow,Someone who is slow; a sluggard.
glow,The state of a glowing object.
plow,The notional area of land able to be farmed in a year by a team of 8 oxen pulling a carruca plow, usually reckoned at 120 acres.
plot,(authorship) The course of a story, comprising a series of incidents which are gradually unfolded, sometimes by unexpected means.
plop,A sound or action like liquid hitting a hard surface, or an object falling into a body of water.
ploy,A tactic, strategy, or gimmick.
play,Activity for amusement only, especially among the young.
clay,A mineral substance made up of small crystals of silica and alumina, that is ductile when moist; the material of pre-fired ceramics.
clap,The act of striking the palms of the hands, or any two surfaces, together.
clip,Something which clips or grasps; a device for attaching one object to another.
chip,A small piece broken from a larger piece of solid material.
chic,Good form; style.
chin,The bottom of a face, (specifically) the typically jutting jawline below the mouth.
shin,The front part of the leg below the knee; the front edge of the shin bone: Shinbone
shan,Unfair, harsh
swan,Any of various species of large, long-necked waterfowl, of genus Cygnus (bird family: Anatidae), most of which have white plumage.
scan,Close investigation.
scab,An incrustation over a sore, wound, vesicle, or pustule, formed during healing.
swab,A small piece of soft, absorbent material, such as gauze, used to clean wounds, apply medicine, or take samples of body fluids. Often attached to a stick or wire to aid access.
stab,An act of stabbing or thrusting with an object.
star,Any small luminous dot appearing in the cloudless portion of the night sky, especially with a fixed location relative to other such dots.

fast,A train that calls at only some stations it passes between its origin and destination, typically just the principal stations
fart,An emission of digestive gases from the anus; a flatus.
farm,A place where agricultural and similar activities take place, especially the growing of crops or the raising of livestock.
harm,Physical injury; hurt; damage
parm,A dish served with parmesan cheese.
palm,Any of various evergreen trees from the family Palmae or Arecaceae, which are mainly found in the tropics.
pale,Paleness; pallor.
page,One of the many pieces of paper bound together within a book or similar document.
pace,Step.
race,A contest between people, animals, vehicles, etc. where the goal is to be the first to reach some objective. Example: Several horses run in a horse race, and the first one to reach the finishing post wins
rave,An enthusiastic review (such as of a play).
raze,To demolish; to level to the ground.
gaze,A fixed look; a look of eagerness, wonder, or admiration; a continued look of attention.
game,A playful or competitive activity.
came,Used to indicate that the following event, period, or change in state occurred in the past, after a time of waiting, enduring, or anticipation
camo,A pattern on clothing consisting of irregularly shaped patches that are either greenish/brownish, brownish/whitish, or bluish/whitish, as used by ground combat forces.
camp,An outdoor place acting as temporary accommodation in tents or other temporary structures.
ramp,An inclined surface that connects two levels; an incline.
rams,A male sheep, typically uncastrated
rays,A beam of light or radiation.
raps,A sharp blow with something hard.

time,The inevitable progression into the future with the passing of present and past events.
tame,To make (an animal) tame; to domesticate.
fame,What is said or reported; gossip, rumour.
lame,A stupid or undesirable person.
late,A shift (scheduled work period) that takes place late in the day or at night.
lane,(used in street names) A road, street, or similar thoroughfare.
pane,An individual sheet of glass in a window, door, etc.
pang,(often in the plural) A paroxysm of extreme physical pain or anguish; a feeling of sudden and transitory agony; a throe.
fang,A long, pointed canine tooth used for biting and tearing flesh
hang,The way in which something hangs.
hank,A coil or loop of something, especially twine, yarn, or rope.
tank,A closed container for liquids or gases.
tack,A small nail with a flat head.
jack,A coarse mediaeval coat of defence, especially one made of leather.
zack,Sixpence.
lack,A defect or failing; moral or spiritual degeneracy.
rack,A series of one or more shelves, stacked one above the other
rock,A formation of minerals, specifically:
mock,An imitation, usually of lesser quality.
mack,An individual skilled in the art of seduction using verbal skills.
mace,A heavy fighting club.

late,A shift (scheduled work period) that takes place late in the day or at night.
hate,An object of hatred.
hare,Any of several plant-eating animals of the family Leporidae, especially of the genus Lepus, similar to a rabbit, but larger and with longer ears.
haze,Very fine solid particles (smoke, dust) or liquid droplets (moisture) suspended in the air, slightly limiting visibility.
gaze,A fixed look; a look of eagerness, wonder, or admiration; a continued look of attention.
gage,Something, such as a glove or other pledge, thrown down as a challenge to combat (now usually figurative).
gave,(ditransitive) To move, shift, provide something abstract or concrete to someone or something or somewhere.
gale,To sing; charm; enchant.
gals,A young woman.
pals,A friend, buddy, mate, cobber; someone to hang around with.
paws,The soft foot of a mammal or other animal, generally a quadruped, that has claws or nails; comparable to a human hand or foot.
pawn,The most common chess piece, or a similar piece in a similar game. In chess each side has eight; moves are only forward, and attacks are only forward diagonally or en passant.
pain,An ache or bodily suffering, or an instance of this; an unpleasant sensation, resulting from a derangement of functions, disease, or injury by violence; hurt.
rain,Condensed water falling from a cloud.
raid,A quick hostile or predatory incursion or invasion in a battle.
paid,To give money or other compensation to in exchange for goods or services.
pail,A vessel of wood, tin, plastic, etc., usually cylindrical and having a handle -- used especially for carrying liquids, for example water or milk; a bucket (sometimes with a cover).
nail,The thin, horny plate at the ends of fingers and toes on humans and some other animals.
vail,Profit; return; proceeds.
veil,Something hung up or spread out to hide or protect the face, or hide an object from view; usually of gauze, crepe, or similar diaphanous material.
vein,A blood vessel that transports blood from the capillaries back to the heart.

card,A playing card.
hard,A firm or paved beach or slope convenient for hauling vessels out of the water.
hare,Any of several plant-eating animals of the family Leporidae, especially of the genus Lepus, similar to a rabbit, but larger and with longer ears.
hate,An object of hatred.
hats,A covering for the head, often in the approximate form of a cone or a cylinder closed at its top end, and sometimes having a brim and other decoration.
hots,(with up) To heat; to make or become hot.
hoes,A whore; a sexually promiscuous woman; in general use as a highly offensive name-calling word for a woman with connotations of loose sexuality.
hops,A short jump.
hips,The outward-projecting parts of the pelvis and top of the femur and the overlying tissue.
nips,A small quantity of something edible or a potable liquor.
naps,A short period of sleep, especially one during the day.
nape,The back part of the neck.
gape,An act of gaping; a yawn.
gate,A doorlike structure outside a house.
late,A shift (scheduled work period) that takes place late in the day or at night.
rate,The worth of something; value.
cate,(in the plural) A delicacy or item of food.
cafe,A convenience store, originally one that sold coffee and similar basic items.
cape,A piece or point of land, extending beyond the adjacent coast into a sea or lake; a promontory; a headland.
cope,To deal effectively with something, especially if difficult.
cole,Cabbage.