horse,Any of several animals related to Equus ferus caballus.
house,A structure built or serving as an abode of human beings.
rouse,An arousal.
louse,A small parasitic wingless insect of the order Psocodea.
lousy,Remarkably bad; of poor quality, dirty, or underhanded; mean, contemptible.
mousy,A mouse.
mouse,Any small rodent of the genus Mus.
douse,A sudden plunging into water.
youse,You (plural).

chair,An item of furniture used to sit on or in, comprising a seat, legs, back, and sometimes arm rests, for use by one person. Compare stool, couch, sofa, settee, loveseat and bench.
chain,A series of interconnected rings or links usually made of metal.

table,Furniture with a top surface to accommodate a variety of uses.
cable,(material) A long object used to make a physical connection.
gable,The triangular area at the peak of an external wall adjacent to, and terminating, two sloped roof surfaces (pitches).
sable,A small carnivorous mammal of the Old World that resembles a weasel, Martes zibellina, from cold regions in Eurasia and the North Pacific islands, valued for its dark brown fur (Wikipedia).
fable,A fictitious narrative intended to enforce some useful truth or precept, usually with animals, etc. as characters; an apologue. Prototypically, Aesop's Fables.

birch,Any of various trees of the genus Betula, native to countries in the Northern Hemisphere.
birth,The process of childbearing; the beginning of life.
girth,A band passed under the belly of an animal, which holds a saddle or a harness saddle in place.
garth,A grassy quadrangle surrounded by cloisters
earth,The third planet of the Solar System; the world upon which humans live.

flinch,A reflexive jerking away.
clinch,Any of several fastenings.
clench,Tight grip.

house,A structure built or serving as an abode of human beings.
horse,Any of several animals related to Equus ferus caballus.
horst,An area of the earth's surface which is raised relative to surrounding land.
hoist,A hoisting device, such as pulley or crane.
heist,A robbery or burglary, especially from an institution such as a bank or museum.

cold,(of a thing) Having a low temperature.
told,(archaic outside of idioms) To count, reckon, or enumerate.
bold,A dwelling; habitation; building.
bolo,A long, heavy, single-edged machete.
bozo,A stupid, foolish, or ridiculous person, especially a man.
bobo,A materialistic person who affects an anti-materialistic persona.
bobs,A bobbing motion; a quick up and down movement.
mobs,A large or disorderly group of people; especially one bent on riotous or destructive action.
moms,(familiar) mother.
moss,Any of various small, green, seedless plants growing on the ground or on the surfaces of trees, stones, etc.; now specifically, a plant of the phylum Bryophyta (formerly division Musci).
foss,A pit, groove, cavity, or depression.

warm,Having a temperature slightly higher than usual, but still pleasant; mildly hot.
parm,A dish served with parmesan cheese.
harm,Physical injury; hurt; damage
hart,A male deer, especially the male of the red deer after his fifth year.
mart,A market.
mara,A nightmare; a spectre or wraith-like creature in Germanic and particularly Scandinavian folklore; a female demon who torments people in sleep by crouching on their chests or stomachs, or by causing terrifying visions.
mala,A single lobe of an insect's maxilla.
mama,(hypocoristic, usually childish) Mother, female parent.
mana,Power, prestige; specifically, a form of supernatural energy in Polynesian religion that inheres in things or people.
maya,Magic; supernatural power as held by the gods.
mays,To gather may, or flowers in general.

kind,A type, race or category; a group of entities that have common characteristics such that they may be grouped together.
hind,Located at the rear (most often said of animals' body parts).
wind,Real or perceived movement of atmospheric air usually caused by convection or differences in air pressure.
bind,That which binds or ties.
bins,A box, frame, crib, or enclosed place, used as a storage container.
tins,A malleable, ductile, metallic element, resistant to corrosion, with atomic number 50 and symbol Sn.
tips,The tip of the external ear.
sips,A small mouthful of drink
nips,A small quantity of something edible or a potable liquor.
rips,A tear (in paper, etc.).
raps,A sharp blow with something hard.

love,Strong affection.
lore,All the facts and traditions about a particular subject that have been accumulated over time through education or experience.
wore,To carry or have equipped on or about one's body, as an item of clothing, equipment, decoration, etc.
worn,To carry or have equipped on or about one's body, as an item of clothing, equipment, decoration, etc.
wort,A plant; herb; vegetable.
tort,An injury or wrong.
toot,The noise of a horn or whistle.
root,The part of a plant, generally underground, that anchors and supports the plant body, absorbs and stores water and nutrients, and in some plants is able to perform vegetative reproduction.
hoot,A derisive cry or shout.
hook,A rod bent into a curved shape, typically with one end free and the other end secured to a rope or other attachment.
honk,The sound produced by a typical car horn.

game,A playful or competitive activity.
dame,Usually capitalized as Dame: a title equivalent to Sir for a female knight.
dime,A coin worth one-tenth of a U.S. dollar.
dome,A structural element resembling the hollow upper half of a sphere; a cupola
dole,Money or other goods given as charity.
mole,A pigmented spot on the skin, a naevus, slightly raised, and sometimes hairy.
vole,Any of a large number of species of small rodents of the subfamily Arvicolinae of the family Cricetidae which are not lemmings or muskrats.
cole,Cabbage.
pole,Originally, a stick; now specifically, a long and slender piece of metal or (especially) wood, used for various construction or support purposes.
pale,Paleness; pallor.
vale,A valley.

code,A short symbol, often with little relation to the item it represents.
coke,Solid residue from roasting coal in a coke oven; used principally as a fuel and in the production of steel and formerly as a domestic fuel.
hoke,A rod bent into a curved shape, typically with one end free and the other end secured to a rope or other attachment.
hose,A flexible tube conveying water or other fluid.
host,One which receives or entertains a guest, socially, commercially, or officially.
hoss,Any of several animals related to Equus ferus caballus.
loss,The result of no longer possessing an object, a function, or a characteristic due to external causes or misplacement.
boss,A person who oversees and directs the work of others; a supervisor.
foss,A pit, groove, cavity, or depression.
goss,Gossip.
goes,The act of going.

dark,Having an absolute or (more often) relative lack of light.
dirk,A long Scottish dagger with a straight blade.
disk,A thin, flat, circular plate or similar object.
desk,A table, frame, or case, in past centuries usually with a sloping top but now usually with a flat top, for the use of writers and readers. It often has a drawer or repository underneath.
desi,A member of the South Asian diaspora.
demi,A fifty pence piece.
demo,A demonstration or visual explanation.
memo,A short note; a memorandum.
momo,A type of Tibetan, Ladakhi and Nepali dumpling made with a simple flour and water dough.
homo,A human.
home,A dwelling.

hard,A firm or paved beach or slope convenient for hauling vessels out of the water.
harp,A musical instrument consisting of a body and a curved neck, strung with strings of varying length that are stroked or plucked with the fingers and are vertical to the soundboard when viewed from the end of the body
hare,Any of several plant-eating animals of the family Leporidae, especially of the genus Lepus, similar to a rabbit, but larger and with longer ears.
dare,A challenge to prove courage.
darn,Euphemism of damn.
tarn,A small mountain lake, especially in Northern England.
turn,(heading) to make a non-linear physical movement.
torn,To rend (a solid material) by holding or restraining in two places and pulling apart, whether intentionally or not; to destroy or separate.
toon,A cartoon, especially an animated television show.
town,A settlement; an area with residential districts, shops and amenities, and its own local government; especially one larger than a village and smaller than a city.
gown,A loose, flowing upper garment.

soft,A soft or foolish person; an idiot.
sort,A general type.
tort,An injury or wrong.
tory,(UK politics) A member or supporter of the Conservative Party, which evolved from Royalist politicians; historically associated with upholding the rights of the monarchy and the privileges of the established Church.
toro,A traditional Japanese lantern.
tori,A topological space which is a product of two circles.
tore,Hard, difficult; wearisome, tedious.
fore,The front; the forward part of something; the foreground.
more,To a greater degree or extent.
sore,An injured, infected, inflamed or diseased patch of skin.
wore,To carry or have equipped on or about one's body, as an item of clothing, equipment, decoration, etc.

slow,Someone who is slow; a sluggard.
stow,A place, stead.
snow,The frozen, crystalline state of water that falls as precipitation.
snot,Mucus, especially mucus from the nose.
shot,To launch a projectile.
shit,Solid excretory product evacuated from the bowels; feces.
whit,The smallest part or particle imaginable; an iota.
wait,A delay.
watt,In the International System of Units, the derived unit of power; the power of a system in which one joule of energy is transferred per second. Symbol: W
wast,The part of the body between the pelvis and the stomach.
want,A desire, wish, longing.

fast,A train that calls at only some stations it passes between its origin and destination, typically just the principal stations
past,To change place.
pant,A quick breathing; a catching of the breath; a gasp.
pact,An agreement; a compact; a covenant.
tact,The sense of touch; feeling.
tack,A small nail with a flat head.
sack,A bag; especially a large bag of strong, coarse material for storage and handling of various commodities, such as potatoes, coal, coffee; or, a bag with handles used at a supermarket, a grocery sack; or, a small bag for small items, a satchel.
sick,Sick people in general as a group.
sock,A knitted or woven covering for the foot.
rock,A formation of minerals, specifically:
cock,A male bird, especially:

time,The inevitable progression into the future with the passing of present and past events.
lime,Any inorganic material containing calcium, usually calcium oxide (quicklime) or calcium hydroxide (slaked lime).
dime,A coin worth one-tenth of a U.S. dollar.
dike,Alternative form of dyke: to dig a ditch; to raise an earthwork; etc.
dyke,(usually derogatory) A lesbian, particularly one with masculine or butch traits or behavior.
tyke,A mongrel dog.
type,A grouping based on shared characteristics; a class.
tape,Flexible material in a roll with a sticky surface on one or both sides; adhesive tape.
nape,The back part of the neck.
gape,An act of gaping; a yawn.
game,A playful or competitive activity.

late,A shift (scheduled work period) that takes place late in the day or at night.
lake,A small stream of running water; a channel for water; a drain.
bake,The act of cooking food by baking.
bade,To issue a command; to tell.
fade,A golf shot that (for the right-handed player) curves intentionally to the right. See slice, hook, draw.
fate,The presumed cause, force, principle, or divine will that predetermines events.
fame,What is said or reported; gossip, rumour.
faze,To frighten or cause hesitation; to daunt, put off (usually used in the negative); to disconcert, to perturb.
haze,Very fine solid particles (smoke, dust) or liquid droplets (moisture) suspended in the air, slightly limiting visibility.
raze,To demolish; to level to the ground.
daze,The state of being dazed

card,A playing card.
ward,A warden; a guard; a guardian or watchman.
warn,To make (someone) aware of (something impending); especially:
barn,A building, often found on a farm, used for storage or keeping animals such as cattle.
born,To carry or convey, literally or figuratively.
bora,A initiation ceremony for males among the Aborigines of New South Wales.
sora,A rail (Porzana carolina) of North, Central, and northern South America.
soma,The whole axial portion of an animal, including the head, neck, trunk, and tail.
soda,Sodium bicarbonate (usually baking soda).
sofa,A raised area of a building's floor, usually covered with carpeting, used for sitting.
soba,A Japanese buckwheat noodle.

fire,A (usually self-sustaining) chemical reaction involving the bonding of oxygen with carbon or other fuel, with the production of heat and the presence of flame or smouldering.
wire,Metal formed into a thin, even thread, now usually by being drawn through a hole in a steel die.
were,A man, a husband
here,(abstract) This place; this location.
hehe,An approximation to the sound of a giggle.

wind,Real or perceived movement of atmospheric air usually caused by convection or differences in air pressure.
mind,The ability for rational thought.
mild,A relatively low-gravity beer, often with a dark colour; mild ale
milo,Sorghum
milf,Short for Mother I'd Like to Fuck, a (putative) mother found sexually attractive
milk,A white liquid produced by the mammary glands of female mammals to nourish their young. From certain animals, especially cows, it is also called dairy milk and is a common food for humans as a beverage or used to produce various dairy products such as butter, cheese, and yogurt.
mick,An Irishman
kick,A hit or strike with the leg, foot or knee.
nick,A small cut in a surface.
sick,Sick people in general as a group.
dick,A male person.

rain,Condensed water falling from a cloud.
vain,Overly proud of oneself, especially concerning appearance; having a high opinion of one's own accomplishments with slight reason.
gain,The act of gaining; acquisition.
pain,An ache or bodily suffering, or an instance of this; an unpleasant sensation, resulting from a derangement of functions, disease, or injury by violence; hurt.
main,Short for mainline.
maid,A girl or an unmarried young woman; maiden.
mail,A bag or wallet.
sail,A piece of fabric attached to a boat and arranged such that it causes the wind to drive the boat along. The sail may be attached to the boat via a combination of mast, spars and ropes.
pail,A vessel of wood, tin, plastic, etc., usually cylindrical and having a handle -- used especially for carrying liquids, for example water or milk; a bucket (sometimes with a cover).
rail,A horizontal bar extending between supports and used for support or as a barrier; a railing.
raid,A quick hostile or predatory incursion or invasion in a battle.

snow,The frozen, crystalline state of water that falls as precipitation.
snot,Mucus, especially mucus from the nose.
snog,A passionate kiss.
slog,A long, tedious walk, or session of work.
slow,Someone who is slow; a sluggard.
slot,A broad, flat, wooden bar, a slat, especially as used to secure a door, window, etc.
slob,A lazy and slovenly person.
snob,A person who wishes to be seen as a member of the upper classes and who looks down on those perceived to have inferior or unrefined tastes.
snub,A deliberate affront or slight.
snug,A small, comfortable back room in a pub.
snag,A stump or base of a branch that has been lopped off; a short branch, or a sharp or rough branch.

bird,A member of the class of animals Aves in the phylum Chordata, characterized by being warm-blooded, having feathers and wings usually capable of flight, and laying eggs.
bard,A professional poet and singer, like among the ancient Celts, whose occupation was to compose and sing verses in honor of the heroic achievements of princes and brave men.
card,A playing card.
care,Grief, sorrow.
cure,A method, device or medication that restores good health.
curd,The part of milk that coagulates when it sours or is treated with enzymes; used to make cottage cheese, dahi, etc.
curl,A piece or lock of curling hair; a ringlet.
cull,A selection.
hull,The outer covering of a fruit or seed.
hall,A corridor; a hallway.
halt,To limp; move with a limping gait.

jump,The act of jumping; a leap; a spring; a bound.
rump,The hindquarters of a four-legged mammal, not including its legs
dump,A place where waste or garbage is left; a ground or place for dumping ashes, refuse, etc.; a disposal site.
lump,Something that protrudes, sticks out, or sticks together; a cluster or blob; a mound or mass of no particular shape.
lamp,A device that generates heat, light or other radiation. Especially an electric light bulb.
vamp,The top part of a boot or shoe, above the sole and welt and in front of the ankle seam, that covers the instep and toes; the front part of an upper; the analogous part of a stocking.
camp,An outdoor place acting as temporary accommodation in tents or other temporary structures.
cams,A turning or sliding piece which imparts motion to a rod, lever or block brought into sliding or rolling contact with it.
came,Used to indicate that the following event, period, or change in state occurred in the past, after a time of waiting, enduring, or anticipation
case,An actual event, situation, or fact.
cage,An enclosure made of bars, normally to hold animals.

tree,Fast growing function based on Kruskal's tree theorem.
trek,A journey by ox wagon.
trey,A playing card or die with the rank of three.
troy,Of, or relating to, troy weight.
trog,A hooligan, lout.
frog,A small tailless amphibian of the order Anura that typically hops.
flog,A contemptible, often arrogant person.
blog,A website that allows users to reflect, share opinions, and discuss various topics in the form of an online journal, sometimes letting readers comment on their posts. Most blogs are written in a slightly informal tone (personal journals, news, businesses, etc.)
vlog,A weblog using video as its primary presentation format.
slog,A long, tedious walk, or session of work.
slop,A loose outer garment; a jacket or overall.

king,A male monarch; a man who heads a monarchy. If it's an absolute monarchy, then he is the supreme ruler of his nation.
zing,A short high-pitched humming sound, such as that made by a bullet or vibrating string.
ding,Very minor damage, a small dent or chip.
dino,Dinosaur.
vino,Wine.
vine,The climbing plant that produces grapes.
vice,A bad habit.
vise,An instrument consisting of two jaws, closing by a screw, lever, cam, or the like, for holding work, as in filing.
visa,A permit to enter and leave a country, normally issued by the authorities of the country to be visited.
viva,A shout of applause.
diva,Any female celebrity, usually a well known singer or actress.

ring,(physical) A solid object in the shape of a circle.
ling,Any of various marine food fish, of the genus Molva, resembling the cod.
bing,Prison solitary confinement, a term used by inmates.
bang,A sudden percussive noise.
bank,An institution where one can place and borrow money and take care of financial affairs.
bunk,One of a series of berths or beds placed in tiers.
buck,A male deer, antelope, sheep, goat, rabbit, hare, and sometimes the male of other animals such as the hamster, ferret and shad.
luck,Something that happens to someone by chance, a chance occurrence, especially a favourable one.
fuck,An act of sexual intercourse.
funk,Foul or unpleasant smell, especially body odor.
sunk,(heading, physical) To move or be moved into something.

door,A portal of entry into a building, room, or vehicle, consisting of a rigid plane movable on a hinge. Doors are frequently made of wood or metal. May have a handle to help open and close, a latch to hold the door closed and a lock that ensures the door cannot be opened without the key.
moor,An extensive waste covered with patches of heath, and having a poor, light soil, but sometimes marshy, and abounding in peat; a heath
moon,The Earth's moon Luna; the sole natural satellite of the Earth, represented in astronomy and astrology by ☾.
toon,A cartoon, especially an animated television show.
noon,The ninth hour of the day counted from sunrise; around three o'clock in the afternoon.
poon,Any of several East Indian trees of the genus Calophyllum, yielding a light, hard wood used for masts, spars, etc.
goon,A thug; a usually muscular henchman with little intelligence (also known as a 'hired goon').
goop,(usually uncountable) A thick, slimy substance; goo.
good,(of people)
wood,The substance making up the central part of the trunk and branches of a tree. Used as a material for construction, to manufacture various items, etc. or as fuel.
word,The smallest unit of language that has a particular meaning and can be expressed by itself; the smallest discrete, meaningful unit of language. (contrast morpheme.)

home,A dwelling.
come,Coming, arrival; approach.
code,A short symbol, often with little relation to the item it represents.
rode,To transport oneself by sitting on and directing a horse, later also a bicycle etc.
rude,Bad-mannered.
dude,A man, generally a younger man.
dupe,A person who has been deceived.
dune,A ridge or hill of sand piled up by the wind.
dine,Dinnertime
dice,Gaming with one or more dice.
mice,Any small rodent of the genus Mus.

plan,A drawing showing technical details of a building, machine, etc., with unwanted details omitted, and often using symbols rather than detailed drawing to represent doors, valves, etc.
flan,Baked tart with sweet or savoury filling in an open-topped pastry case. (Compare quiche.)
flam,A freak or whim; an idle fancy.
flat,An area of level ground.
feat,A relatively rare or difficult accomplishment.
neat,An artificial intelligence researcher who believes that solutions should be elegant, clear and provably correct. Compare scruffy.
meat,The flesh (muscle tissue) of an animal used as food.
beat,A stroke; a blow.
bear,A large omnivorous mammal, related to the dog and raccoon, having shaggy hair, a very small tail, and flat feet; a member of family Ursidae.
hear,(stative) To perceive sounds through the ear.
heat,Thermal energy.

calm,(in a person) The state of being calm; peacefulness; absence of worry, anger, fear or other strong negative emotion.
calf,A young cow or bull.
half,One of two usually roughly equal parts into which anything may be divided, or considered as divided.
hale,Health, welfare.
halo,A circular band of coloured light, visible around the sun or moon etc., caused by reflection and refraction of light by ice crystals in the atmosphere.
hall,A corridor; a hallway.
tall,(possibly nonstandard) Someone or something that is tall.
call,A telephone conversation.
carl,A rude, rustic man; a churl.
carb,Clipping of carburettor / carburetor.
card,A playing card.

bank,An institution where one can place and borrow money and take care of financial affairs.
bang,A sudden percussive noise.
bans,Prohibition.
pans,A wide, flat receptacle used around the house, especially for cooking.
pant,A quick breathing; a catching of the breath; a gasp.
want,A desire, wish, longing.
watt,In the International System of Units, the derived unit of power; the power of a system in which one joule of energy is transferred per second. Symbol: W
wait,A delay.
wail,A prolonged cry, usually high-pitched, especially as of grief or anguish.
jail,A place or institution for the confinement of persons held in lawful custody or detention, especially for minor offenses or with reference to some future judicial proceeding.
tail,The caudal appendage of an animal that is attached to its posterior and near the anus.

road,A way used for travelling between places, originally one wide enough to allow foot passengers and horses to travel, now (US) usually one surfaced with asphalt or concrete and designed to accommodate many vehicles travelling in both directions. In the UK both senses are heard: a country road is the same as a country lane.
toad,An amphibian, a kind of frog (order Anura) with shorter hindlegs and a drier, wartier skin, many in family Bufonidae.
load,A burden; a weight to be carried.
loaf,(also loaf of bread) A block of bread after baking.
loan,An act or instance of lending, an act or instance of granting something for temporary use.
loin,The part of the body (of humans and quadrupeds) at each side of the backbone, between the ribs and hips
lain,To rest in a horizontal position on a surface.
vain,Overly proud of oneself, especially concerning appearance; having a high opinion of one's own accomplishments with slight reason.
pain,An ache or bodily suffering, or an instance of this; an unpleasant sensation, resulting from a derangement of functions, disease, or injury by violence; hurt.
gain,The act of gaining; acquisition.
gait,Manner of walking or stepping; bearing or carriage while moving.

path,A trail for the use of, or worn by, pedestrians.
pate,(somewhat obsolete) The head, particularly the top or crown.
pave,To cover something with paving slabs.
page,One of the many pieces of paper bound together within a book or similar document.
pane,An individual sheet of glass in a window, door, etc.
bane,A cause of misery or death.
fane,A weathercock, a weather vane.
mane,Longer hair growth on back of neck of an animal, especially a horse or lion
wane,A gradual diminution in power, value, intensity etc.
wank,An act of masturbation.
hank,A coil or loop of something, especially twine, yarn, or rope.

life,The state of organisms preceding their death, characterized by biological processes such as metabolism and reproduction and distinguishing them from inanimate objects; the state of being alive and living.
live,To be alive; to have life.
line,A path through two or more points (compare ‘segment’); a continuous mark, including as made by a pen; any path, curved or straight.
lice,A small parasitic wingless insect of the order Psocodea.
nice,Niceness.
nine,The digit or figure 9.
wine,An alcoholic beverage made by fermenting the juice of grapes.
fine,Fine champagne; French brandy.
file,A collection of papers collated and archived together.
rile,To make angry
rule,A regulation, law, guideline.

care,Grief, sorrow.
bare,(‘the bare’) The surface, the (bare) skin.
hare,Any of several plant-eating animals of the family Leporidae, especially of the genus Lepus, similar to a rabbit, but larger and with longer ears.
dare,A challenge to prove courage.
dere,Hurt; harm; injury.
deke,A feint, fake, or other move made by the player with the puck to deceive a goaltender or defenceman.
dike,Alternative form of dyke: to dig a ditch; to raise an earthwork; etc.
bike,A vehicle that has two wheels, one behind the other, a steering handle, and a saddle seat or seats and is usually propelled by the action of a rider’s feet upon pedals.
bide,To bear; to endure; to tolerate.
ride,An instance of riding.
rice,Cereal plants, Oryza sativa of the grass family whose seeds are used as food.

food,Any solid substance that can be consumed by living organisms, especially by eating, in order to sustain life.
ford,A location where a stream is shallow and the bottom has good footing, making it possible to cross from one side to the other with no bridge, by walking, riding, or driving through the water; a crossing.
fork,A pronged tool having a long straight handle, used for digging, lifting, throwing etc.
york,To bowl a yorker at a batsman, especially to get a batsman out in this way.
cork,The bark of the cork oak, which is very light and porous and used for making bottle stoppers, flotation devices, and insulation material.
cord,A harmonic set of three or more notes that is heard as if sounding simultaneously.
corn,The main cereal plant grown for its grain in a given region, such as oats in parts of Scotland and Ireland, and wheat or barley in England and Wales.
coon,(racial slur) A black person.
toon,A cartoon, especially an animated television show.
goon,A thug; a usually muscular henchman with little intelligence (also known as a 'hired goon').
goof,A mistake or error.

moon,The Earth's moon Luna; the sole natural satellite of the Earth, represented in astronomy and astrology by ☾.
mood,A mental or emotional state, composure.
wood,The substance making up the central part of the trunk and branches of a tree. Used as a material for construction, to manufacture various items, etc. or as fuel.
food,Any solid substance that can be consumed by living organisms, especially by eating, in order to sustain life.
good,(of people)
hood,A covering for the head attached to a larger garment such as a jacket or cloak.
hoot,A derisive cry or shout.
coot,Any of various aquatic birds of the genus Fulica that are mainly black with a prominent frontal shield on the forehead.
loot,A kind of scoop or ladle, chiefly used to remove the scum from brine-pans in saltworks.
loop,A length of thread, line or rope that is doubled over to make an opening.
loon,An idler, a lout.

star,Any small luminous dot appearing in the cloudless portion of the night sky, especially with a fixed location relative to other such dots.
spar,A rafter of a roof.
sear,Dry; withered, especially of vegetation.
near,The left side of a horse or of a team of horses pulling a carriage etc.
rear,To bring up to maturity, as offspring; to educate; to instruct; to foster.
dear,A very kind, loving person.
gear,Equipment or paraphernalia, especially that used for an athletic endeavor.
year,A solar year, the time it takes the Earth to complete one revolution of the Sun (between 365.24 and 365.26 days depending on the point of reference).
yaar,A friend, pal, or buddy.
maar,A broad volcanic crater, usually filled with water to form a lake.

rock,A formation of minerals, specifically:
rook,A European bird, Corvus frugilegus, of the crow family.
nook,A small corner formed by two walls; an alcove.
kook,An eccentric, strange or crazy person.
book,A collection of sheets of paper bound together to hinge at one edge, containing printed or written material, pictures, etc.
boon,A prayer; petition.
coon,(racial slur) A black person.
coot,Any of various aquatic birds of the genus Fulica that are mainly black with a prominent frontal shield on the forehead.
cool,A moderate or refreshing state of cold; moderate temperature of the air between hot and cold; coolness.
wool,The hair of the sheep, llama and some other ruminants.
pool,A small and rather deep collection of (usually) fresh water, as one supplied by a spring, or occurring in the course of a stream; a reservoir for water.

lake,A small stream of running water; a channel for water; a drain.
make,Brand or kind; model.
mate,A fellow, comrade, colleague, partner or someone with whom something is shared, e.g. shipmate, classmate.
mace,A heavy fighting club.
face,The front part of the head of a human or other animal, featuring the eyes, nose and mouth, and the surrounding area.
faze,To frighten or cause hesitation; to daunt, put off (usually used in the negative); to disconcert, to perturb.
maze,A labyrinth; a puzzle consisting of a complicated network of paths or passages, the aim of which is to find one's way.
mare,An adult female horse.
mart,A market.
mars,A blemish.
wars,Organized, large-scale, armed conflict between countries or between national, ethnic, or other sizeable groups, usually involving the engagement of military forces.

mine,My; belonging to me; that which belongs to me.
mite,Any of many minute arachnids which, along with the ticks, comprise subclass Acarina (aka Acari).
mime,A form of acting without words; pantomime.
meme,Any unit of cultural information, such as a practice or idea, that is transmitted verbally or by repeated action from one mind to another in a comparable way to the transmission of genes.
mere,A body of standing water, such as a lake or a pond. More specifically, it can refer to a lake that is broad in relation to its depth. Also included in place names such as Windermere.
dere,Hurt; harm; injury.
dire,Warning of bad consequences: ill-boding; portentous.
fire,A (usually self-sustaining) chemical reaction involving the bonding of oxygen with carbon or other fuel, with the production of heat and the presence of flame or smouldering.
firm,A business partnership; the name under which it trades.
firs,A conifer of the genus Abies.
fits,The degree to which something fits.

hope,To want something to happen, with a sense of expectation that it might.
pope,An honorary title of the Roman Catholic bishop of Rome as father and head of his church, a sovereign of the Vatican city state.
mope,A dull, spiritless person.
lope,An easy pace with long strides.
lobe,Any projection or division, especially one of a somewhat rounded form.
lobo,A wolf.
bobo,A materialistic person who affects an anti-materialistic persona.
bobs,A bobbing motion; a quick up and down movement.
boba,Short for boba tea.
soba,A Japanese buckwheat noodle.
sofa,A raised area of a building's floor, usually covered with carpeting, used for sitting.

luck,Something that happens to someone by chance, a chance occurrence, especially a favourable one.
duck,To quickly lower the head or body in order to prevent it from being struck by something.
deck,Any raised flat surface that can be walked on: a balcony; a porch; a raised patio; a flat rooftop.
heck,Hell.
hock,A Rhenish wine, of a light yellow color, either sparkling or still, from the Hochheim region; often applied to all Rhenish wines.
lock,Something used for fastening, which can only be opened with a key or combination.
loch,A lake.
lech,A strong, lecherous desire or craving.
mech,A large piloted combat robot.
tech,Technology
tach,Tachometer

fear,A strong, uncontrollable, unpleasant emotion or feeling caused by actual or perceived danger or threat.
tear,A hole or break caused by tearing.
near,The left side of a horse or of a team of horses pulling a carriage etc.
wear,(in combination) clothing
bear,A large omnivorous mammal, related to the dog and raccoon, having shaggy hair, a very small tail, and flat feet; a member of family Ursidae.
gear,Equipment or paraphernalia, especially that used for an athletic endeavor.
year,A solar year, the time it takes the Earth to complete one revolution of the Sun (between 365.24 and 365.26 days depending on the point of reference).
sear,Dry; withered, especially of vegetation.
seer,One who sees something; an eyewitness.
beer,An alcoholic drink fermented from starch material, commonly barley malt, often with hops or some other substance to impart a bitter flavor.
beet,Beta vulgaris, a plant with a swollen root which is eaten or used to make sugar.

tool,A mechanical device intended to make a task easier.
toll,Loss or damage incurred through a disaster.
doll,A toy in the form of a human.
dull,To render dull; to remove or blunt an edge or something that was sharp.
bull,An adult male of domesticated cattle or oxen.
bill,Any of various bladed or pointed hand weapons, originally designating an Anglo-Saxon sword, and later a weapon of infantry, especially in the 14th and 15th centuries, commonly consisting of a broad, heavy, double-edged, hook-shaped blade, with a short pike at the back and another at the top, attached to the end of a long staff.
till,Until; to, up to; as late as (a given time).
dill,Anethum graveolens (the type species of the genus Anethum), a herb, the seeds of which are moderately warming, pungent, and aromatic, formerly used as a soothing medicine for children; also known as dillseed.
kill,The act of killing.
kilo,In the International System of Units, the base unit of mass; conceived of as the mass of one litre of water, but now defined by taking the fixed numerical value of the Planck constant h to be 6.626 070 15 × 10-34 when expressed in units of kg⋅m2⋅s−1. Symbol: kg
kino,(pickup community) Physical contact with another person, touch.

deep,(with "the") The deep part of a lake, sea, etc.
seep,A small spring, pool, or other spot where liquid from the ground (e.g. water, petroleum or tar) has oozed to the surface; a place of seeping.
peep,A quiet sound, particularly one from a baby bird.
weep,A session of crying.
beep,The sound produced by the horn of a car, or any similar sound.
beer,An alcoholic drink fermented from starch material, commonly barley malt, often with hops or some other substance to impart a bitter flavor.
brer,Son of the same parents as another person.
brew,The mixture formed by brewing; that which is brewed; a brewage, such as a cup of tea or a brewed beer.
bred,To produce offspring sexually; to bear young.
brad,A thin, small nail, with a slight projection at the top on one side instead of a head, or occasionally with a small domed head, similar to that of an escutcheon pin.
brat,A child who is regarded as mischievous, unruly, spoiled, or selfish.

ship,A water-borne vessel generally larger than a boat.
shop,An establishment that sells goods or services to the public; originally only a physical location, but now a virtual establishment as well.
show,A play, dance, or other entertainment.
snow,The frozen, crystalline state of water that falls as precipitation.
slow,Someone who is slow; a sluggard.
slew,The act, or process of slewing.
slaw,Coleslaw.
slag,Waste material from a coal mine
stag,An adult male deer.
stan,(sometimes derogatory) An extremely obsessive fan of a person, group, character, or creative work, particularly one whose fixation is unhealthy or intrusive.
swan,Any of various species of large, long-necked waterfowl, of genus Cygnus (bird family: Anatidae), most of which have white plumage.

play,Activity for amusement only, especially among the young.
plan,A drawing showing technical details of a building, machine, etc., with unwanted details omitted, and often using symbols rather than detailed drawing to represent doors, valves, etc.
clan,A group of people all descended from a common ancestor, in fact or belief.
clad,(past tense clad) To clothe.
clod,A lump of something, especially of earth or clay.
clop,The sound of a horse's shod hoof striking the ground.
clot,A thrombus, solidified mass of blood.
coot,Any of various aquatic birds of the genus Fulica that are mainly black with a prominent frontal shield on the forehead.
loot,A kind of scoop or ladle, chiefly used to remove the scum from brine-pans in saltworks.
lout,A troublemaker, often violent; a rude violent person; a yob.
lost,To cause (something) to cease to be in one's possession or capability due to unfortunate or unknown circumstances, events or reasons.

gold,A heavy yellow elemental metal of great value, with atomic number 79 and symbol Au.
good,(of people)
goof,A mistake or error.
hoof,The tip of a toe of an ungulate such as a horse, ox or deer, strengthened by a thick keratin covering.
hoot,A derisive cry or shout.
soot,Fine black or dull brown particles of amorphous carbon and tar, produced by the incomplete combustion of coal, oil etc.
spot,A round or irregular patch on the surface of a thing having a different color, texture etc. and generally round in shape.
spit,A thin metal or wooden rod on which meat is skewered for cooking, often over a fire.
spin,Rapid circular motion.
span,The space from the thumb to the end of the little finger when extended; nine inches; an eighth of a fathom.
spar,A rafter of a roof.

rich,To enrich.
rick,Straw, hay etc. stored in a stack for winter fodder, commonly protected with thatch.
rink,A man, especially a warrior or hero.
rank,Strong of its kind or in character; unmitigated; virulent; thorough; utter (used of negative things).
yank,A sudden, vigorous pull (sometimes defined as mass times jerk, or rate of change of force).
sank,(heading, physical) To move or be moved into something.
sans,Short for sans serif.
fans,A hand-held device consisting of concertinaed material, or slats of material, gathered together at one end, that may be opened out into the shape of a sector of a circle and waved back and forth in order to move air towards oneself and cool oneself.
vans,A covered vehicle used for carrying goods or people, usually roughly cuboid in shape, longer and higher than a car but smaller than a truck/lorry.
pans,A wide, flat receptacle used around the house, especially for cooking.
pals,A friend, buddy, mate, cobber; someone to hang around with.

poor,(with "the") Those who have little or no possessions or money, taken as a group.
poon,Any of several East Indian trees of the genus Calophyllum, yielding a light, hard wood used for masts, spars, etc.
noon,The ninth hour of the day counted from sunrise; around three o'clock in the afternoon.
noun,(grammar, narrow sense) A word that can be used to refer to a person, animal, place, thing, phenomenon, substance, quality, or idea; one of the basic parts of speech in many languages, including English.
nous,The mind or intellect, reason, both rational and emotional
nods,To incline the head up and down, as to indicate agreement.
sods,To cover with sod.
sous,An old French copper coin equal to one twentieth of a livre or twelve deniers; one sou is to the livre as one shilling is to the pound.
sobs,A cry with a short, sudden expulsion of breath.
sows,A female pig.
sown,To scatter, disperse, or plant (seeds).

blue,The colour of the clear sky or the deep sea, between green and violet in the visible spectrum, and one of the primary additive colours for transmitted light; the colour obtained by subtracting red and green from white light using magenta and cyan filters; or any colour resembling this.
clue,A strand of yarn etc. as used to guide one through a labyrinth; something which points the way, a guide.
flue,A pipe or duct that carries gaseous combustion products away from the point of combustion (such as a furnace).
flee,To run away; to escape.
flew,(chiefly plural) The thick, dangling upper lip of certain breeds of dog, or the canine equivalent of the upper lip.
fled,To run away; to escape.
bled,(of a person or animal) To lose blood through an injured blood vessel.
bred,To produce offspring sexually; to bear young.
brad,A thin, small nail, with a slight projection at the top on one side instead of a head, or occasionally with a small domed head, similar to that of an escutcheon pin.
bray,The cry of an animal, now chiefly that of animals related to the ass or donkey, or the camel.
brag,A boast or boasting; bragging; ostentatious pretence or self-glorification.

red,Any of a range of colours having the longest wavelengths, 670 nm, of the visible spectrum; a primary additive colour for transmitted light: the colour obtained by subtracting green and blue from white light using magenta and yellow filters; the colour of blood, ripe strawberries, etc.
led,(heading) To guide or conduct.
let,The allowing of possession of a property etc. in exchange for rent.
jet,A collimated stream, spurt or flow of liquid or gas from a pressurized container, an engine, etc.
jot,Iota; the smallest letter or stroke of any writing.
rot,The process of becoming rotten; putrefaction.
sot,Stupid person; fool
som,The currency of Uzbekistan.
tom,A flat gong (without knob) that is struck with a felt-covered hammer.
mom,(familiar) mother.
mon,The former currency of Japan until 1870, before the yen.

chat,Informal conversation.
chap,(obsolete outside Britain and Australia) A man, a fellow.
char,A charred substance.
cham,An autocrat or dominant critic, especially Samuel Johnson.
wham,A forceful blow
whim,A fanciful impulse, or whimsical idea
whit,The smallest part or particle imaginable; an iota.
shit,Solid excretory product evacuated from the bowels; feces.
suit,A set of clothes to be worn together, now especially a man's matching jacket and trousers (also business suit or lounge suit), or a similar outfit for a woman.
spit,A thin metal or wooden rod on which meat is skewered for cooking, often over a fire.
slit,A narrow cut or opening; a slot.

beep,The sound produced by the horn of a car, or any similar sound.
meep,A high-pitched exclamation of fear or concern.
meet,A sports competition, especially for track and field (a track meet) or swimming (a swim meet).
beet,Beta vulgaris, a plant with a swollen root which is eaten or used to make sugar.
bees,A flying insect, of the clade Anthophila within the hymenopteran superfamily Apoidea, known for its organised societies (though only a minority have them), for collecting pollen and (in some species) producing wax and honey.
fees,(feudal law) A right to the use of a superior's land, as a stipend for services to be performed; also, the land so held; a fief.
sees,(stative) To perceive or detect with the eyes, or as if by sight.
seas,A large body of salt water.
spas,A health resort near a mineral spring or hot spring.
spat,To evacuate (saliva or another substance) from the mouth, etc.
span,The space from the thumb to the end of the little finger when extended; nine inches; an eighth of a fathom.

joke,An amusing story.
yoke,Frame around the neck, and related senses.
yore,A time long past.
york,To bowl a yorker at a batsman, especially to get a batsman out in this way.
work,(heading) Employment.
wort,A plant; herb; vegetable.
tort,An injury or wrong.
tout,Someone advertising for customers in an aggressive way.
lout,A troublemaker, often violent; a rude violent person; a yob.
loup,A mass of iron in a pasty condition gathered into a ball for the tilt hammer or rolls.
loop,A length of thread, line or rope that is doubled over to make an opening.

book,A collection of sheets of paper bound together to hinge at one edge, containing printed or written material, pictures, etc.
bork,(US politics) To defeat a person's appointment or election, judicial nomination, etc., through a concerted attack on the person's character, background, and philosophy.
bonk,A bump on the head.
bony,Resembling, having the appearance or consistence of, or relating to bone; osseous.
body,Physical frame.
bode,An omen; a foreshadowing.
code,A short symbol, often with little relation to the item it represents.
cope,To deal effectively with something, especially if difficult.
nope,A negative reply, no.
pope,An honorary title of the Roman Catholic bishop of Rome as father and head of his church, a sovereign of the Vatican city state.
popo,(;) the police

rule,A regulation, law, guideline.
rube,A person of rural heritage; a yokel.
ruby,A clear, deep, red variety of corundum, valued as a precious stone.
rubs,An act of rubbing.
runs,Act or instance of running, of moving rapidly using the feet.
puns,A Korean unit of length equivalent to about 0.3 cm.
pens,An enclosure (enclosed area) used to contain domesticated animals, especially sheep or cattle.
pans,A wide, flat receptacle used around the house, especially for cooking.
bans,Prohibition.
bars,A solid, more or less rigid object of metal or wood with a uniform cross-section smaller than its length.
bard,A professional poet and singer, like among the ancient Celts, whose occupation was to compose and sing verses in honor of the heroic achievements of princes and brave men.

camp,An outdoor place acting as temporary accommodation in tents or other temporary structures.
camo,A pattern on clothing consisting of irregularly shaped patches that are either greenish/brownish, brownish/whitish, or bluish/whitish, as used by ground combat forces.
came,Used to indicate that the following event, period, or change in state occurred in the past, after a time of waiting, enduring, or anticipation
cape,A piece or point of land, extending beyond the adjacent coast into a sea or lake; a promontory; a headland.
nape,The back part of the neck.
nave,The middle or body of a church, extending from the transepts to the principal entrances.
gave,(ditransitive) To move, shift, provide something abstract or concrete to someone or something or somewhere.
rave,An enthusiastic review (such as of a play).
pave,To cover something with paving slabs.
wave,To move back and forth repeatedly and somewhat loosely.
fave,Favorite (US) or favourite (UK)

snap,A quick breaking or cracking sound or the action of producing such a sound.
soap,A substance able to mix with both oil and water, used for cleaning, often in the form of a solid bar or in liquid form, derived from fats or made synthetically.
slap,A blow, especially one given with the open hand, or with something broad and flat.
slip,A thin, slippery mix of clay and water.
slop,A loose outer garment; a jacket or overall.
slob,A lazy and slovenly person.
slab,A large, flat piece of solid material; a solid object that is large and flat.
swab,A small piece of soft, absorbent material, such as gauze, used to clean wounds, apply medicine, or take samples of body fluids. Often attached to a stick or wire to aid access.
swap,To exchange or give (something) in an exchange (for something else).
sway,The act of swaying; a swaying motion; a swing or sweep of a weapon.
away,To depart; to go to another place.

coin,(money) A piece of currency, usually metallic and in the shape of a disc, but sometimes polygonal, or with a hole in the middle.
conn,The duty of directing a ship, usually used with the verb to have or to take and accompanied by the article "the."
cons,A disadvantage of something, especially when contrasted with its advantages (pros).
eons,Eternity.
ions,An atom or group of atoms bearing an electrical charge, such as the sodium and chlorine atoms in a salt solution.
dons,A title formerly borne by member of the high nobility of Portugal and Brazil
does,(auxiliary) A syntactic marker.
dyes,A colourant, especially one that has an affinity to the substrate to which it is applied.
dyer,One who dyes, especially one who dyes cloth etc. as an occupation.
dyed,To colour with dye, or as if with dye.
eyed,To observe carefully or appraisingly.

pain,An ache or bodily suffering, or an instance of this; an unpleasant sensation, resulting from a derangement of functions, disease, or injury by violence; hurt.
pawn,The most common chess piece, or a similar piece in a similar game. In chess each side has eight; moves are only forward, and attacks are only forward diagonally or en passant.
paws,The soft foot of a mammal or other animal, generally a quadruped, that has claws or nails; comparable to a human hand or foot.
pews,One of the long benches in a church, seating several persons, usually fixed to the floor and facing the chancel.
pees,Urine.
fees,(feudal law) A right to the use of a superior's land, as a stipend for services to be performed; also, the land so held; a fief.
tees,The name of the Latin-script letter T.
lees,The sediment that settles during fermentation of beverages, consisting of dead yeast and precipitated parts of the fruit.
leek,The vegetable Allium ampeloprasum var. porrum, having edible leaves and an onion-like bulb but with a milder flavour than the onion.
geek,A carnival performer specializing in bizarre and unappetizing behavior.
reek,A strong unpleasant smell.

gain,The act of gaining; acquisition.
gait,Manner of walking or stepping; bearing or carriage while moving.
bait,Any substance, especially food, used in catching fish, or other animals, by alluring them to a hook, snare, trap, or net.
bail,Security, usually a sum of money, exchanged for the release of an arrested person as a guarantee of that person's appearance for trial.
mail,A bag or wallet.
maul,A heavy long-handled hammer, used for splitting logs by driving a wedge into them, or in combat.
maud,A grey plaid once worn by shepherds in Scotland and Northumbria.
maid,A girl or an unmarried young woman; maiden.
paid,To give money or other compensation to in exchange for goods or services.
raid,A quick hostile or predatory incursion or invasion in a battle.
said,Mentioned earlier; aforesaid.

load,A burden; a weight to be carried.
road,A way used for travelling between places, originally one wide enough to allow foot passengers and horses to travel, now (US) usually one surfaced with asphalt or concrete and designed to accommodate many vehicles travelling in both directions. In the UK both senses are heard: a country road is the same as a country lane.
roan,An animal such as a horse that has a coat of a dark base color with individual white hairs mixed in.
roar,A long, loud, deep shout, as of rage or laughter, made with the mouth wide open.
boar,A wild boar (Sus scrofa), the wild ancestor of the domesticated pig.
boat,A craft used for transportation of goods, fishing, racing, recreational cruising, or military use on or in the water, propelled by oars or outboard motor or inboard motor or by wind.
brat,A child who is regarded as mischievous, unruly, spoiled, or selfish.
brad,A thin, small nail, with a slight projection at the top on one side instead of a head, or occasionally with a small domed head, similar to that of an escutcheon pin.
brah,Friend
bras,One of the two vectors in the standard notation for describing quantum states in quantum mechanics, the other being the ket.
bray,The cry of an animal, now chiefly that of animals related to the ass or donkey, or the camel.

lift,An act of lifting or raising.
gift,Something given to another voluntarily, without charge.
rift,A chasm or fissure.
raft,A flat-bottomed craft able to float and drift on water, used for transport or as a waterborne platform.
rant,A criticism done by ranting.
want,A desire, wish, longing.
wart,A type of deformed growth occurring on the skin caused by the human papillomavirus (HPV).
wast,The part of the body between the pelvis and the stomach.
wasp,Any of many types of stinging flying insect resembling a hornet.
warp,The state, quality, or condition of being twisted, physically or mentally:
harp,A musical instrument consisting of a body and a curved neck, strung with strings of varying length that are stroked or plucked with the fingers and are vertical to the soundboard when viewed from the end of the body

fish,A cold-blooded vertebrate animal that lives in water, moving with the help of fins and breathing with gills.
bish,Bitch (as a term of abuse).
bash,A large party; gala event.
lash,The thong or braided cord of a whip, with which the blow is given.
lakh,(Sri Lanka) One hundred thousand; 100,000. Often used with units of money.
lake,A small stream of running water; a channel for water; a drain.
fake,Something which is not genuine, or is presented fraudulently.
fave,Favorite (US) or favourite (UK)
nave,The middle or body of a church, extending from the transepts to the principal entrances.
save,In various sports, a block that prevents an opponent from scoring.
wave,To move back and forth repeatedly and somewhat loosely.

bite,The act of biting.
bike,A vehicle that has two wheels, one behind the other, a steering handle, and a saddle seat or seats and is usually propelled by the action of a rider’s feet upon pedals.
bake,The act of cooking food by baking.
wake,The act of waking, or state of being awake.
wave,To move back and forth repeatedly and somewhat loosely.
have,A wealthy or privileged person.
hale,Health, welfare.
hate,An object of hatred.
rate,The worth of something; value.
race,A contest between people, animals, vehicles, etc. where the goal is to be the first to reach some objective. Example: Several horses run in a horse race, and the first one to reach the finishing post wins
mace,A heavy fighting club.

bark,The short, loud, explosive sound uttered by a dog, a fox, and some other animals.
burk,To vomit.
bulk,Size, specifically, volume.
buck,A male deer, antelope, sheep, goat, rabbit, hare, and sometimes the male of other animals such as the hamster, ferret and shad.
back,The rear of the body, especially the part between the neck and the end of the spine and opposite the chest and belly.
bask,To bathe in warmth; to be exposed to pleasant heat.
bast,Fibre made from the phloem of certain plants and used for matting and cord.
bait,Any substance, especially food, used in catching fish, or other animals, by alluring them to a hook, snare, trap, or net.
wait,A delay.
wast,The part of the body between the pelvis and the stomach.
wasp,Any of many types of stinging flying insect resembling a hornet.

hunt,The act of hunting.
cunt,The female genitalia, especially the vulva.
runt,The smallest animal of a litter.
punt,A pontoon; a narrow shallow boat propelled by a pole.
pent,To enclose in a pen.
vent,An opening through which gases, especially air, can pass.
sent,A subdivision of currency, equal to one hundredth of an Estonian kroon.
went,To move:
tent,A pavilion or portable lodge consisting of skins, canvas, or some strong cloth, stretched and sustained by poles, used for sheltering people from the weather.
teat,The projection of a mammary gland from which, on female mammals, milk is secreted.
teak,An extremely durable timber highly valued for shipbuilding and other purposes, yielded by Tectona grandis (and Tectona spp.).

tail,The caudal appendage of an animal that is attached to its posterior and near the anus.
hail,Balls or pieces of ice falling as precipitation, often in connection with a thunderstorm.
bail,Security, usually a sum of money, exchanged for the release of an arrested person as a guarantee of that person's appearance for trial.
mail,A bag or wallet.
mall,A pedestrianised street, especially a shopping precinct.
pall,Senses relating to cloth.
palm,Any of various evergreen trees from the family Palmae or Arecaceae, which are mainly found in the tropics.
calm,(in a person) The state of being calm; peacefulness; absence of worry, anger, fear or other strong negative emotion.
calf,A young cow or bull.
half,One of two usually roughly equal parts into which anything may be divided, or considered as divided.
hale,Health, welfare.

farm,A place where agricultural and similar activities take place, especially the growing of crops or the raising of livestock.
firm,A business partnership; the name under which it trades.
form,(heading, physical) To do with shape.
norm,That which is normal or typical.
dorm,To reside in a dorm.
dory,A small flat-bottomed boat with pointed or somewhat pointed ends, used for fishing both offshore and on rivers.
tory,(UK politics) A member or supporter of the Conservative Party, which evolved from Royalist politicians; historically associated with upholding the rights of the monarchy and the privileges of the established Church.
tort,An injury or wrong.
torn,To rend (a solid material) by holding or restraining in two places and pulling apart, whether intentionally or not; to destroy or separate.
tori,A topological space which is a product of two circles.
toro,A traditional Japanese lantern.

fold,An act of folding.
cold,(of a thing) Having a low temperature.
hold,A grasp or grip.
told,(archaic outside of idioms) To count, reckon, or enumerate.
gold,A heavy yellow elemental metal of great value, with atomic number 79 and symbol Au.
good,(of people)
food,Any solid substance that can be consumed by living organisms, especially by eating, in order to sustain life.
foot,A biological structure found in many animals that is used for locomotion and that is frequently a separate organ at the terminal part of the leg.
root,The part of a plant, generally underground, that anchors and supports the plant body, absorbs and stores water and nutrients, and in some plants is able to perform vegetative reproduction.
loot,A kind of scoop or ladle, chiefly used to remove the scum from brine-pans in saltworks.
hoot,A derisive cry or shout.

wire,Metal formed into a thin, even thread, now usually by being drawn through a hole in a steel die.
mire,Deep mud; moist, spongy earth.
mice,Any small rodent of the genus Mus.
rice,Cereal plants, Oryza sativa of the grass family whose seeds are used as food.
dice,Gaming with one or more dice.
dive,A jump or plunge into water.
hive,A structure, whether artificial or natural, for housing a swarm of honeybees.
have,A wealthy or privileged person.
cave,A large, naturally-occurring cavity formed underground or in the face of a cliff or a hillside.
wave,To move back and forth repeatedly and somewhat loosely.
wove,To form something by passing lengths or strands of material over and under one another.

note,(heading) A symbol or annotation.
nome,A prefecture or unit of regional government in Greece.
name,Any nounal word or phrase which indicates a particular person, place, class, or thing.
same,Not different or other; not another or others; not different as regards self; selfsame; identical.
tame,To make (an animal) tame; to domesticate.
tase,An electric shock administered with a taser.
vase,An upright open container used mainly for displaying fresh, dried, or artificial flowers.
ease,Ability, the means to do something, particularly:
east,One of the four principal compass points, specifically 90°, conventionally directed to the right on maps; the direction of the rising sun at an equinox. Abbreviated as E.
past,To change place.
wast,The part of the body between the pelvis and the stomach.

line,A path through two or more points (compare ‘segment’); a continuous mark, including as made by a pen; any path, curved or straight.
lone,Solitary; having no companion.
lowe,A flame; fire; blaze.
lose,To cause (something) to cease to be in one's possession or capability due to unfortunate or unknown circumstances, events or reasons.
lost,To cause (something) to cease to be in one's possession or capability due to unfortunate or unknown circumstances, events or reasons.
dost,(auxiliary) A syntactic marker.
doss,The avoidance of work.
joss,A Chinese household divinity; a Chinese idol.
jess,A short strap fastened around the leg of a bird used in falconry, to which a leash may be fastened.
mess,A disagreeable mixture or confusion of things; hence, a situation resulting from blundering or from misunderstanding; disorder.
mesh,A structure made of connected strands of metal, fiber, or other flexible/ductile material, with evenly spaced openings between them.

move,The act of moving; a movement.
hove,To remain suspended in air, water etc.; to float, to hover.
cove,A hollow in a rock; a cave or cavern.
cope,To deal effectively with something, especially if difficult.
coke,Solid residue from roasting coal in a coke oven; used principally as a fuel and in the production of steel and formerly as a domestic fuel.
core,The central part of fruit, containing the kernels or seeds.
gore,Blood, especially that from a wound when thickened due to exposure to the air.
lore,All the facts and traditions about a particular subject that have been accumulated over time through education or experience.
pore,A tiny opening in the skin.
pose,Common cold, head cold; catarrh.
hose,A flexible tube conveying water or other fluid.

spin,Rapid circular motion.
span,The space from the thumb to the end of the little finger when extended; nine inches; an eighth of a fathom.
spar,A rafter of a roof.
spam,(rarely countable) Unsolicited bulk electronic messages.
sham,A fake; an imitation that purports to be genuine.
shat,To defecate.
shay,A chaise.
shaw,A thicket; a small wood or grove.
shah,A king of Persia or Iran.
shan,Unfair, harsh
khan,A ruler over various Turkish, Tatar and Mongol peoples in the Middle Ages.

talk,To communicate, usually by means of speech.
tale,An account of an asserted fact or circumstance; a rumour; a report, especially an idle or malicious story; a piece of gossip or slander; a lie.
tape,Flexible material in a roll with a sticky surface on one or both sides; adhesive tape.
cape,A piece or point of land, extending beyond the adjacent coast into a sea or lake; a promontory; a headland.
gape,An act of gaping; a yawn.
gage,Something, such as a glove or other pledge, thrown down as a challenge to combat (now usually figurative).
gags,A device to restrain speech, such as a rag in the mouth secured with tape or a rubber ball threaded onto a cord or strap.
bags,A flexible container made of cloth, paper, plastic, etc.
fags,In textile inspections, a rough or coarse defect in the woven fabric.
mags,(abbreviation) magazine (publication or ammunition)
rags,(in the plural) Tattered clothes.

walk,To move on the feet by alternately setting each foot (or pair or group of feet, in the case of animals with four or more feet) forward, with at least one foot on the ground at all times. Compare run.
wank,An act of masturbation.
sank,(heading, physical) To move or be moved into something.
sink,A basin used for holding water for washing.
sing,A gathering at which people sing songs.
ring,(physical) A solid object in the shape of a circle.
rind,Tree bark
wind,Real or perceived movement of atmospheric air usually caused by convection or differences in air pressure.
wink,An act of winking (a blinking of only one eye), or a message sent by winking.
wick,A bundle, twist, braid, or woven strip of cord, fabric, fibre/fiber, or other porous material in a candle, oil lamp, kerosene heater, or the like, that draws up liquid fuel, such as melted tallow, wax, or the oil, delivering it to the base of the flame for conversion to gases and burning; any other length of material burned for illumination in small successive portions.
wack,An eccentric; an oddball; a weirdo.

grab,A sudden snatch at something.
grub,An immature stage in the life cycle of an insect; a larva.

drop,A small quantity of liquid, just large enough to hold its own round shape via surface tension, especially one that falls from a source of liquid.
prop,An object placed against or under another, to support it; anything that supports.
crop,A plant, especially a cereal, grown to be harvested as food, livestock fodder or fuel or for any other economic purpose.
coop,A basket, pen or enclosure for birds or small animals.
goop,(usually uncountable) A thick, slimy substance; goo.
gook,A person of Far Eastern or Oceanian descent, especially a Vietnamese, Filipino, Chinese, Japanese or Korean person.
mook,A disagreeable or incompetent person.
moor,An extensive waste covered with patches of heath, and having a poor, light soil, but sometimes marshy, and abounding in peat; a heath
poor,(with "the") Those who have little or no possessions or money, taken as a group.
poop,Fecal matter, feces.
plop,A sound or action like liquid hitting a hard surface, or an object falling into a body of water.

drum,A percussive musical instrument spanned with a thin covering on at least one end for striking, forming an acoustic chamber, affecting what materials are used to make it; a membranophone.
drug,A substance used to treat an illness, relieve a symptom, or modify a chemical process in the body for a specific purpose.
drag,Resistance of the air (or some other fluid) to something moving through it.
draw,The result of a contest that neither side has won; a tie.
craw,The stomach of an animal.
cray,A crayfish or lobster.
pray,To direct words and/or thoughts to God or any higher being, for the sake of adoration, thanks, petition for help, etc.
prat,A cunning or mischievous trick; a prank, a joke.
brat,A child who is regarded as mischievous, unruly, spoiled, or selfish.
boat,A craft used for transportation of goods, fishing, racing, recreational cruising, or military use on or in the water, propelled by oars or outboard motor or inboard motor or by wind.
beat,A stroke; a blow.

mint,A building or institution where money (originally, only coins) is produced under government licence.
mini,Miniature, tiny, small.
mink,(plural mink or minks) Any of various semi-aquatic, carnivorous mammals in the Mustelinae subfamily, similar to weasels, with dark fur, native to Europe and America, of which two species in different genera are extant: the American mink (Neovison vison) and the European mink (Mustela lutreola).
kink,A convulsive fit of coughing or laughter; a sonorous indraft of breath; a whoop; a gasp of breath caused by laughing, coughing, or crying.
kind,A type, race or category; a group of entities that have common characteristics such that they may be grouped together.
find,Anything that is found (usually valuable), as objects on an archeological site or a person with talent.
fend,Self-support; taking care of one's own well-being.
lend,The lumbar region; loin.
lens,An object, usually made of glass, that focuses or defocuses the light that passes through it.
pens,An enclosure (enclosed area) used to contain domesticated animals, especially sheep or cattle.
pent,To enclose in a pen.

list,A strip of fabric, especially from the edge of a piece of cloth.
lisp,The habit or an act of lisping.
limp,An irregular, jerky or awkward gait.
wimp,Acronym of window, icon, menu, pointer. (a graphical interface paradigm)
wisp,A small bundle, as of straw or other like substance; any slender, flexible structure or group.
wise,To become wise.
rise,To move, or appear to move, physically upwards relative to the ground.
rite,A religious custom.
mite,Any of many minute arachnids which, along with the ticks, comprise subclass Acarina (aka Acari).
mute,A stopped consonant; a stop.
mutt,A mongrel dog (or sometimes cat); an animal of mixed breed or uncertain origin.

wash,The process or an instance of washing or being washed by water or other liquid.
gash,A deep cut.
gasp,A short, sudden intake of breath.
wasp,Any of many types of stinging flying insect resembling a hornet.
wisp,A small bundle, as of straw or other like substance; any slender, flexible structure or group.
wise,To become wise.
wish,A desire, hope, or longing for something or for something to happen.
pish,A sibilant noise (e.g. "psshh") made by birders and ornithologists to attract small birds.
push,A short, directed application of force; an act of pushing.
rush,Any of several stiff plants of the genus Juncus, or the family Juncaceae, having hollow or pithy stems and small flowers, and often growing in marshes or near water.
ruse,A turning or doubling back, especially of animals to get out of the way of hunting dogs.

rush,Any of several stiff plants of the genus Juncus, or the family Juncaceae, having hollow or pithy stems and small flowers, and often growing in marshes or near water.
rust,The deteriorated state of iron or steel as a result of moisture and oxidation.
rest,(of a person or animal) Relief from work or activity by sleeping; sleep.
test,A challenge, trial.
vest,A loose robe or outer garment worn historically by men in Arab or Middle Eastern countries.
pest,A plague, pestilence, epidemic
pent,To enclose in a pen.
pant,A quick breathing; a catching of the breath; a gasp.
pang,(often in the plural) A paroxysm of extreme physical pain or anguish; a feeling of sudden and transitory agony; a throe.
hang,The way in which something hangs.
hank,A coil or loop of something, especially twine, yarn, or rope.

stay,Continuance or a period of time spent in a place; abode for an indefinite time; sojourn.
sway,The act of swaying; a swaying motion; a swing or sweep of a weapon.
away,To depart; to go to another place.
awry,Turned or twisted toward one side; crooked, distorted, out of place; wry.
airy,Consisting of air.
wiry,Thin, muscular and flexible.
wary,Cautious of danger; carefully watching and guarding against deception, trickery, and dangers; suspiciously prudent
vary,Alteration; change.
very,True, real, actual.
vert,A green colour, now only in heraldry; represented in engraving by diagonal parallel lines 45 degrees counter-clockwise.
verb,(grammar) A word that indicates an action, event, or state.

grow,To become larger, to increase in magnitude.
crow,A bird, usually black, of the genus Corvus, having a strong conical beak, with projecting bristles; it has a harsh, croaking call.
brow,The ridge over the eyes; the eyebrow.
bros,Brother; a male sibling
bris,Ritual male circumcision.
brim,The sea; ocean; water; flood.
prim,To make affectedly precise or proper.
trim,Decoration; especially, decoration placed along edges or borders.
trio,A group of three people or things.
trip,A journey; an excursion or jaunt
tris,THAM

mold,A hollow form or matrix for shaping a fluid or plastic substance.
meld,To combine multiple similar objects into one
mend,A place, as in clothing, which has been repaired by mending.
mead,An alcoholic drink fermented from honey and water.
read,A reading or an act of reading, especially an actor's part of a play.
reap,A bundle of grain; a handful of grain laid down by the reaper as it is cut.
rear,To bring up to maturity, as offspring; to educate; to instruct; to foster.
sear,Dry; withered, especially of vegetation.
seat,Something to be sat upon.
swat,A hard stroke, hit or blow, e.g., as part of a spanking.
swap,To exchange or give (something) in an exchange (for something else).

nest,A structure built by a bird as a place to incubate eggs and rear young.
zest,The outer skin of a citrus fruit, used as a flavouring or garnish.
fest,(in combination) A gathering for a specified reason or occasion.
test,A challenge, trial.
west,One of the four principal compass points, specifically 270°, conventionally directed to the left on maps; the direction of the setting sun at an equinox, abbreviated as W.
went,To move:
tent,A pavilion or portable lodge consisting of skins, canvas, or some strong cloth, stretched and sustained by poles, used for sheltering people from the weather.
teat,The projection of a mammary gland from which, on female mammals, milk is secreted.
seat,Something to be sat upon.
seam,A folded-back and stitched piece of fabric; especially, the stitching that joins two or more pieces of fabric.
seem,To appear; to look outwardly; to be perceived as.

seed,A fertilized and ripened ovule, containing an embryonic plant.
seem,To appear; to look outwardly; to be perceived as.
seen,(stative) To perceive or detect with the eyes, or as if by sight.
seer,One who sees something; an eyewitness.
sear,Dry; withered, especially of vegetation.
seas,A large body of salt water.
sets,To put (something) down, to rest.
nets,A mesh of string, cord or rope.
nuts,A hard-shelled seed.
huts,A small, simple one-storey dwelling or shelter, often with just one room, and generally built of readily available local materials.
tuts,To make a tut tut sound of disapproval.

heat,Thermal energy.
heal,A spell or ability that restores hit points or removes a status ailment.
deal,A division, a portion, a share.
meal,Food that is prepared and eaten, usually at a specific time, and usually in a comparatively large quantity (as opposed to a snack).
meat,The flesh (muscle tissue) of an animal used as food.
beat,A stroke; a blow.
neat,An artificial intelligence researcher who believes that solutions should be elegant, clear and provably correct. Compare scruffy.
feat,A relatively rare or difficult accomplishment.
teat,The projection of a mammary gland from which, on female mammals, milk is secreted.
twat,The vagina or vulva.
that,Something being indicated that is there; one of those.

cook,A person who prepares food.
book,A collection of sheets of paper bound together to hinge at one edge, containing printed or written material, pictures, etc.
boor,A peasant.
boom,A low-pitched, resonant sound, such as of an explosion.
boos,A derisive shout made to indicate disapproval.
boot,A heavy shoe that covers part of the leg.
soot,Fine black or dull brown particles of amorphous carbon and tar, produced by the incomplete combustion of coal, oil etc.
coot,Any of various aquatic birds of the genus Fulica that are mainly black with a prominent frontal shield on the forehead.
coat,An outer garment covering the upper torso and arms.Wp
boat,A craft used for transportation of goods, fishing, racing, recreational cruising, or military use on or in the water, propelled by oars or outboard motor or inboard motor or by wind.
bout,A period of something, usually painful or unpleasant.

bake,The act of cooking food by baking.
bane,A cause of misery or death.
bade,To issue a command; to tell.
babe,A baby or infant; a very young human or animal.
babu,(Indian English) A Hindu title of respect, equivalent to Mr., usually appended to the surname of a Hindu man
baby,A very young human, particularly from birth to a couple of years old or until walking is fully mastered.
baba,A kind of sponge cake soaked in rum-flavoured syrup.
babs,Baby
tabs,A small flap or strip of material attached to something, for holding, manipulation, identification, opening etc.
taps,A tapering cylindrical pin or peg used to stop the vent in a cask.
raps,A sharp blow with something hard.

ride,An instance of riding.
rife,Widespread, common, prevalent, current (mainly of unpleasant or harmful things).
ripe,A fruit or vegetable which has ripened.
rips,A tear (in paper, etc.).
nips,A small quantity of something edible or a potable liquor.
zips,A twist or fold.
pips,Any of various respiratory diseases in birds, especially infectious coryza.
pics,A picture, especially a photographic image.
pecs,(usually in the plural) The pectoralis major muscle.
pees,Urine.
peep,A quiet sound, particularly one from a baby bird.

wave,To move back and forth repeatedly and somewhat loosely.
wane,A gradual diminution in power, value, intensity etc.
wank,An act of masturbation.
wack,An eccentric; an oddball; a weirdo.
back,The rear of the body, especially the part between the neck and the end of the spine and opposite the chest and belly.
lack,A defect or failing; moral or spiritual degeneracy.
luck,Something that happens to someone by chance, a chance occurrence, especially a favourable one.
duck,To quickly lower the head or body in order to prevent it from being struck by something.
deck,Any raised flat surface that can be walked on: a balcony; a porch; a raised patio; a flat rooftop.
feck,Effect, value; vigor.
keck,To retch or heave as if to vomit.

surf,Waves that break on an ocean shoreline.
turf,A layer of earth covered with grass; sod.
turn,(heading) to make a non-linear physical movement.
burn,A physical injury caused by heat, cold, electricity, radiation or caustic chemicals.
bury,A burrow.
busy,A police officer.
bush,A woody plant distinguished from a tree by its multiple stems and lower height, being usually less than six metres tall; a horticultural rather than strictly botanical category.
mush,A somewhat liquid mess, often of food; a soft or semisolid substance.
must,Something that is mandatory or required.
lust,A feeling of strong desire, especially such a feeling driven by sexual arousal.
just,Factually right, correct; factual.

beat,A stroke; a blow.
best,The supreme effort one can make, or has made.
lest,For fear that; that not; in order to prevent something from happening; in case.
list,A strip of fabric, especially from the edge of a piece of cloth.
gist,The most essential part; the main idea or substance (of a longer or more complicated matter); the crux of a matter; the pith.
gift,Something given to another voluntarily, without charge.
lift,An act of lifting or raising.
rift,A chasm or fissure.
rife,Widespread, common, prevalent, current (mainly of unpleasant or harmful things).
rice,Cereal plants, Oryza sativa of the grass family whose seeds are used as food.
dice,Gaming with one or more dice.

clap,The act of striking the palms of the hands, or any two surfaces, together.
clip,Something which clips or grasps; a device for attaching one object to another.
chip,A small piece broken from a larger piece of solid material.
chin,The bottom of a face, (specifically) the typically jutting jawline below the mouth.
chic,Good form; style.
chit,A child or babe; a young, small, or insignificant person or animal.
whit,The smallest part or particle imaginable; an iota.
whir,A sibilant buzz or vibration; the sound of something in rapid motion.
weir,An adjustable dam placed across a river to regulate the flow of water downstream.
wear,(in combination) clothing
weak,Lacking in force (usually strength) or ability.

glow,The state of a glowing object.
grow,To become larger, to increase in magnitude.
crow,A bird, usually black, of the genus Corvus, having a strong conical beak, with projecting bristles; it has a harsh, croaking call.
crew,To make the shrill sound characteristic of a rooster; to make a sound in this manner, either in gaiety, joy, pleasure, or defiance.
brew,The mixture formed by brewing; that which is brewed; a brewage, such as a cup of tea or a brewed beer.
drew,To move or develop something.
draw,The result of a contest that neither side has won; a tie.
dram,The currency of Greece in ancient times and again from 1832 until 2001, with the symbol ₯, since replaced by the euro.
cram,The act of cramming (forcing or stuffing something).
tram,A passenger vehicle for public use that runs on tracks in the road (called a streetcar or trolley in North America).
pram,A small vehicle, usually covered, in which a newborn baby is pushed around in a lying position; a perambulator.

test,A challenge, trial.
pest,A plague, pestilence, epidemic
lest,For fear that; that not; in order to prevent something from happening; in case.
lust,A feeling of strong desire, especially such a feeling driven by sexual arousal.
bust,A sculptural portrayal of a person's head and shoulders.
butt,The larger or thicker end of something; the blunt end, in distinction from the sharp or narrow end
mutt,A mongrel dog (or sometimes cat); an animal of mixed breed or uncertain origin.
must,Something that is mandatory or required.
mush,A somewhat liquid mess, often of food; a soft or semisolid substance.
kush,Marijuana, especially Cannabis indica (a variety of marijuana originating in Afghanistan and northern Pakistan, strains of which often have high THC content).
bush,A woody plant distinguished from a tree by its multiple stems and lower height, being usually less than six metres tall; a horticultural rather than strictly botanical category.

